docs: improves infrastructure readme (#229)
talent-connect/connect: redi-connect-infrastructure/README.md

In this project we keep all the infrastructure redi-connect needs to run. We do that writing infrastructure as code using [terraform](https://www.terraform.io/).

## Prerequisites & Getting started

Before using using Terraform on an Azure subscription, an Azure container is required to store Terraform state.

This is the list of prerequisites required for the `connect` ci/cd pipeline:

1. Create the backend for Azure.

>    This is step is needed only the very first time _before_ you run `terraform init`. This is because when you are under a completely new Azure subscription you dont have a storage container to store the Terraform state yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This is step is needed only the very first time _before_ you run `terraform init`. This is because when you are under a completely new Azure subscription, you don't have a storage container to store the Terraform state in yet.
```

   
   Resource: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/terraform/store-state-in-azure-storage

>    The very first time in order to run `terraform init` we need a [blob storage](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-gb/services/storage/blobs/) where we can store the state of Terraform. To do so you will simply need to execute the `generate-tf-storage.sh` script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Before we run `terraform init` for the first time, we need a [blob storage](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-gb/services/storage/blobs/) to store the state of Terraform in. To do so you will simply need to execute the `generate-tf-storage.sh` script.
```

   From the directory `redi-connect-infrastructure` run
   ```
   ./scripts/generate-tf-storage.sh
   ```

   This will provision an Azure container for you in Azure.

   In your terminal you will also see some outputs generated. Something like:

   ```
   storage_account_name: tstate8694
   container_name: tstate
   access_key: ****

   ```

   Copy the `storage_account_name: terraformstateXXXX` and paste them in the `_versions.tf` file like so

   ```
    backend "azurerm" {
      storage_account_name  = "terraformstateXXXX"
       .
       .
       .
    }
   ```
   Now, run `terraform init`
   

2. Creating a Service Principal and a Client Secret

   Using a Service Principal, also known as SPN, is a best practice for DevOps or CI/CD environments.

>    First, we need to authenticate to Azure. To authenticate using Azure CLI, we type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   First, we need to authenticate to Azure. To authenticate using Azure CLI type:
```

   ```
   az login
   ```

   The process will launch the browser and after the authentication is complete we are ready to go.

>    We will use the following command to get the list of Azure subscriptions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use the following command to get the list of Azure subscriptions:
```

In this project we keep all the infrastructure redi-connect needs to run. We do that writing infrastructure as code using [terraform](https://www.terraform.io/).

## Prerequisites & Getting started

Before using using Terraform on an Azure subscription, an Azure container is required to store Terraform state.

This is the list of prerequisites required for the `connect` ci/cd pipeline:

1. Create the backend for Azure.

>    This is step is needed only the very first time _before_ you run `terraform init`. This is because when you are under a completely new Azure subscription you dont have a storagr container to store the Terraform state yet.

Reviewer: Typo,`storagr` => `storage`

Author: ```suggestion
   This is step is needed only the very first time _before_ you run `terraform init`. This is because when you are under a completely new Azure subscription you dont have a storage container to store the Terraform state yet.
```

Hey @ericbolikowski you can press this (see image) to make suggestions. This way we can commit the directly here. This works pretty well when suggestions are that small as this one ☝️ 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4181674/109294752-837c0c00-7825-11eb-8cc4-dbb19cec95f0.png)

Reviewer: Ah, neat! 🙌 I'd never seen this before.

   
   Resource: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/terraform/store-state-in-azure-storage

>    The very first time in order to run `terraform init` we need storage where we can store the state of Terraform. To do so you will simply need to execute the `generate-tf-storage.sh` script.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
> Setting up a place to store Terraform state is required before we can run `terraform init` for the first time.

(Can "place" be more specific? I'm unsure _what_ is actually set up to store the Terraform state)

Author: I rephrased let me know if this makes more sense to both of us now @eric

   From the directory `redi-connect-infrastructure` run
   ```
   ./scripts/generate-tf-storage.sh
   ```

   This will provision an Azure container for you in Azure.

   In your terminal you will also see some outputs generated. Something like:

   ```
   storage_account_name: tstate8694
   container_name: tstate
   access_key: ****

   ```

>    Copy the `storage_account_name: terraformstateXXXX` and paste them in the `_versions.tf` file like so

Reviewer: Suggest a comma after `file`

Author: eric lol

Author: ```suggestion
   Copy the `storage_account_name: terraformstateXXXX` and paste them in the `_versions.tf` file, like so
```

@ericbolikowski I like the suggestion. Next time you could use the UI to make it easier for me to commit it :)

Reviewer: Nice stuff

   ```
    backend "azurerm" {
      storage_account_name  = "terraformstateXXXX"
       .
       .
       .
    }
   ```

>    You can now run `terraform init`

Reviewer: Suggestion:
> Now, run `terraform init`

(we don't need to make instructions "polite" :-) )

Author: I thought politeness is good, isnt it?

>    You can now run `terraform init`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Now, run `terraform init`
```

Author: I am in favour for politeness but I will push this one ;)

Resources: 

Run the az acr show command to retrieve credentials for the registry:

```
az acr credential show --resource-group AppSvc-DockerTutorial-rg --name <registry-name>
```

----

Resources:

https://github.com/Azure/webapps-deploy
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/tutorial-custom-container?pivots=container-linux
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-registry/container-registry-get-started-azure-cli

### `.tfvars`

#### The file `development.auto.tfvars`

In this file we are storing the variables we are using for development environment

#### The file `production.tfvars`

For production deployment of the redi-connect infrastructure you will need to pass the `-var-file=production.tfvars` in your terraform commands

For example `terraform plan -var-file=production.tfvars` or `terraform apply -var-file=production.tfvars`

The difference between these two environments is that the production env will be using a more expensive `sku` and tier than the development one.

> NOTE: at the time I am writing this tough we dont have any production system yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: at the time I am writing this even tough we dont have any production system yet.
```
